# Wikileaks scraper/ai parser
A command-line tool that scrapes Wikileaks data and uses AI to analyze the extracted information for easier review and processing. Finally all data is exported to google sheets

### Table of Contents
- [Overview](#overview)
- [Quick Start](#quick-start)

## Overview

The EmailAiParser is a command-line tool that gathers data from Wikileaks (specifically Hillary Clintons emails relating to printing), and analyzed them with A.I to help summarize the information. The program has 3 main functions:

- **Data Scraping** – Automatically scrapes relevant data from Wikileaks.

- **AI-Powered Analysis** – Enriches the scraped data with insights generated by AI for better understanding.

- **Google Sheets Export** – Exports the structured and analyzed data to a connected Google Sheet for easy access and sharing.

## Quick Start

### Prerequisites
* Cheerio v1.1.0+
* Dotenv v16.5.0+
* Googleapis v150.0.1+
* @google/generative-ai v5.3.3+
* Prompt Sync v4.2.0+


### 1. Clone
```
# git clone <repository-url>
# cd EmailAiParser
```
### 2. Install The Dependencies
```
npm install
```
### 3. Set Up Your local .env File
```
touch .env
```
An `.env.example` file is included as a template. Please use it as a reference to create your own .env file.

### 4. Set Up Your local Google Sheet Credentials File
Google requires a `credentials.json` file to enable exporting data to Google Sheets. You can obtain this file from the Google Cloud Console. Please drag and drop this file into the `credentials` folder

### 5. Run The Program
```
# npm run dev
```
Note: Depending on the AI model you use, especially free tier versions, you may hit API rate limits. It's recommended to start with a smaller number of emails while exploring the program’s features.

